Wow, the elder is not good.
Thunder Cloud Sect Chief Hu dumped Lei Qin as a disciple
Heading towards Tianzong
What to explore
Just Zhang Lao
The two elders are also in the group of Thunder Cloud Sect
What do you dislike about him?
It must be the two cockroaches, they hold a grudge
So I went to pull a helper
Want to deal with me?
These two big white-eyed wolf cockroaches
What should I do now?
That Thunder Cloud Sect is an upper-class immortal sect
Our Tianzong is not a match at all
Why don't we report this to the suzerain
It's up to him.
The suzerain would have panicked when he encountered this years ago
This
Pass my order
severance gate
Ensure the safety of the disciples?
Great elder you
You want to dismiss the sect
Or else?
Does it depend on the sect disciples giving away their children for nothing?
Think deeply, Great Elder
I am righteous
If you really delay
The foundation of the vertical door will be lost
How to face heaven and earth in the end
This sect master is still there, what's the hurry?
Song Zhuo
Don't say that in such a critical moment
Lei Yun's boss Lei Qin led thousands of experts to come
If the matter is still hesitant
Then my Tianzong will be destroyed.
The Modification of a Yuanying Period in Jimen District
There's nothing to fear.